This is the folder where the new Beta v3.0 WIP will be hosted, the new work involved a custom GPU particle system
based on Keijiro Kvant Spray MIT licensed project (https://github.com/keijiro), which will be extended and adapted to work in all cases.

A 3D fluid system (MIT license) has also been added and will be the base for fluid interaction with particles
and other modules. This module is hosted in ARTnGAME -> CommonTools folder, as it may have use in other ARTnGAME assets
in future.

The extra work involves adapting 3D fluids with the GPU particles to create new effects and general flow effects.

Work done so far (beyond the base Keijiro projects)
- Added cutout shader for the GPU particles
- Added optimizer for the 3D fluid system so can run at good frame rates, still need a strong PC if high quality
is to be used

Roadmap
- Add full transparent mode for particles
- Convert the systems for URP and HDRP (currently only support Stanard Pipeline)
- Add 2D fluid solver
- Adapt 3D and 2D fluids to drive the GPU particles for dynamic interactive effects
- Adapt system to render obstacle map and pass to the shader for dynamic objects interaction
- Integration with splines and other Particle Dynamic Magic modules for control of particles

Note that this work is in progress and experimental, the final release will follow after the 
completion of the road map above. 

The main demos of the system are the following scenes
"PDM 1.2 DEMO 1. Effects showcase SPLINES and LIGHTNING" 
"PDM 1.5 DEMO Effects showcase FIRE and ICE"
"PDM 2.0 DEMO U56 AMOEBA MESH EMIT"
"PDM 2.5 DEMO U56 MAIN" 

Each demo represents one major upgrade of the system with new effects, so all demos include unique features.

The system also offers a number of prefabs with the various possibilities and sub systems for direct use
and clean setup beyond the demo scenes of the various effects. The prefabs can be instantiated directly from
the Window -> Particle Dynamic Magic -> Effects Library 1 & 2

The Beta 3.0 Demo will include the WIP items and will be expanded as the Beta work progresses. 
Prefabs for v3.0 will be provided during the progress of the work, in a separate library.